ideas:

owhere pccorpse	
make list of ranger spells
imp engage snippet (change targets in fight) (THEN IMPLEMENT A THREAT SYSTEM).
- blind fighting
- make infravision actually work.
-detect trap/deactivate
secret doors/search skill
-confusion spell (-int, combat mods)

-extension spell (adds spell damage to spells for duration)

-web spell

-audible glamor

-shadow breath

-shadow bolt

paladins, bards, monks.


energy breath

rot_exit_area flag for items. basically they dissipate
when you leave the area.

golems: new item type: golem_ingredient, in create_golem spell requires person to be holding an item with type golem_ingredient, then creates golem based on item material.

-new item type: paper, for use with scribing/note passing.


bandage skill (bandage item_type)
-counter skill
mana shield

pk timer upon login (to avoid twinkage of being jumped or jumping someone.)

-detect undead
xp bonus for groups (think i already did this but whatev)
toss a light into a dark room to light it up.
player shops
expand 'consider' command
indestructable flag for items, so they dont need repair
regeneration quicker than per tick, (perhaps based on PULSE_VIOLENCE?)
beseech command
plant/palm for thieves.

Feed potion pet, and other commands like it, to avoid the classic:
give potion pet
order pet quaff potion


Ideas from other muds:

-----------------------------
Rings as wands??? (SEE BELOW)
-----------------------------
Wands has been redone.  You can now effectively use a wand from any
wearslot that wand would be located on.  But you must SPECIFY your wand
in said case.  "Zap ring self" for instance.  Zap with no specification
will check for held, like the old code.  Also, items now have
the ability to recharge on a daily basis, if it is set to be capable
of doing so... which at present there is no items capable.


qLU696

----------------------------
NOTES (writing, tacking, sealing, etc...)
----------------------------
With a blank sheet of paper, or a partially written note, one can now
write (or add to) a note, which can be given to others or even dropped
at a location.  This note can also be sealed, which allows a person to
determine if the note was previously read or not. The notes can also
be TACKed up, for higher visibility.

When writing a note, the current language chosen is the
language in which the note will be written.

A sheet of paper must be HELD in order to be written. This can be a
blank sheet, or a note that has been partially written on. The most
that a single sheet can hold is around 12 lines of text.

Syntax:
  WRITE         - This will add a line to your letter, by itself 
                  adds a blank line (use a blank line after an entry
                  to form a second paragraph).
  WRITE FORMAT  - This will format the entire note.
  READ    - Reads the note, rocket science...
  SEAL    - This will seal a note with your seal.
  UNSEAL  - This causes armageddon, seriously.

Have fun with it all
Ziv.

8662943464